https://www.datamation.com/cloud-computing/top-iaas-companies.html
https://rubygarage.org/blog/iaas-vs-paas-vs-saas
https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/overview/what-is-saas/



Earlier we used to store our data in hard drives on a computer. Cloud Computing services have replaced such hard drive technology. 
Cloud Computing service is nothing but providing services like Storage, Databases, Servers, networking and the software through the Internet.
Few Companies offer such computing services, hence named as “Cloud Computing Providers/ Companies”. 
They charge its users for utilizing such services and the charges are based on their usage of services.
Using such cloud technology we can design and create new applications, store and recover data and hosting the website.



Infrastructure as a service(IaaS), is the second-most basic cloud computing model available to customers, in that it provides just the virtualization platform and OS, and that’s it.
IaaS provides you with virtual resources, such as server space, network connections, and IP addresses, primarily for hosting, building, testing, 
and deploying Websites and applications. In other words, IaaS is a virtual data center. 
It’s common to use an IaaS environment as a test environment so as to not disrupt a company’s own internal environment. 
Once the application is completed, it can then be moved on premises.
IaaS services can be used for a variety of purposes, from hosting websites to analyzing big data.
Clients can install and use whatever operating systems and tools they like on the infrastructure they get.
IaaS operates on a pay-as-you-go model, where use is metered and you pay for compute time, network bandwidth and storage. 
The trade off is that you don’t have to deploy internal hardware, you can spin up a virtual machine in minutes. 
The challenge is if you are not careful in monitoring your use, any savings can be effectively wiped out
We are supporting below IaaS companies :
Amazon Web Services
Microsoft Azure


PAAS:
Platform as a service (PaaS) is a deployment and development environment within the cloud.
PaaS is designed to support the complete web application lifecycle of building, testing, deploying, managing, and updating.
A complete platform is offered in PaaS in which the client can host their applications without the need to worry about the maintenance of the servers and its operating systems.
It means, PaaS includes a complete infrastructure of servers, storages, networking, and middleware development tools like business intelligence services (BI),
database management systems, etc. software developers can deploy applications, from simple to sophisticated, without needing all the related infrastructure 
(servers, databases, operating systems, development tools, etc).
 Application to decide whether to scale it up or down depending on the traffic that the application receives.
Azure offers five main services of Platform as a Service:
Web Apps, Mobile Apps, Logic Apps, Functions and Web Jobs

SASS:
Software as a service (SaaS) allows users to connect to and use cloud-based apps over the Internet.
SaaS is a software distribution model in which a third-party provider hosts applications and makes them available to customers over the Internet.
Examples are email, calendaring, and office tools (such as Microsoft Office 365).
SaaS provides a complete software solution that you purchase on a pay-as-you-go basis from a cloud service provider.
All of the underlying infrastructure, middleware, app software, and app data are located in the service provider’s data center.
SaaS allows your organization to get quickly up and running with an app at minimal upfront cost.
If you’ve used a web-based email service such as Outlook, Hotmail, or Yahoo! Mail, then you’ve already used a form of SaaS.

To provide SaaS apps to users, you don’t need to purchase, install, update, or maintain any hardware, middleware, or software.
You also save money because the SaaS service automatically scales up and down according to the level of usage.
Users can run most SaaS apps directly from their web browser without needing to download and install any software.
SaaS makes it easy to “mobilize” your workforce because users can access SaaS apps and data from any Internet-connected computer or mobile device.
With data stored in the cloud, users can access their information from any Internet-connected computer or mobile device


